the head of gaza's biggest Hospital says
nearly 180 people are being buried in a
mass grave there after it ran out of
power fighting between the Israeli
military and Hamas continues around
alifa hospital and that has led to
Growing International concern with
President Biden saying he wants less
intrusive action around 30 babies there
were said to be in need of intensive
care and their incubators are no longer
operational it's believed three
premature babies have died Israel
insists it's only targeting ham and
their Command Center is in tunnels
beneath the hospital it's also released
these images which it says are of
incubators which it's offering to
transfer to the Medical Teams there no
indication yet though that any of this
medical equipment has actually been
delivered one other development to bring
you in the last hour Israel's Army
confirming the death of a female soldier
who was being held in Gaza let's take
you straight to Southern Israel and
bring you more on all these developments
with my colleague there mark Len
Mark Lucy thanks very much indeed yeah
we're coming to you from uh about 3 km
or so a mile and a half perhaps from
Gaza where the in intense fighting very
much continuing and the Israeli Defense
Forces have posted a video with their
what they say is that are their
achievements on the ground over the last
24 hours or so which uh includes seizing
government buildings inside uh Gaza and
uh the French news agency AFP says uh
that uh the Israeli military are now in
control of gaza's Parliament
and other Hamas institutions so that is
on the military offensive side meanwhile
actually on the ground inside Gaza in
terms of the suffering well the fighting
is very much continuing around alifa
hospital hospital is very much in the
the focus of the military offensive and
uh many of those who are suffering are
pregnant women now uh the UN says that
more than a third of all hospitals in
Gaza are out of operation uh around 160
children per day are expected to be born
even even though women inside Gaza are
of course deprived of safe delivery uh
with lacking basic options and basic
supplies in hospitals that are
increasingly overwhelmed by the fighting
our uh freelance journalist Maj Fati in
Gaza has worked alongside our
correspondent yogita lii in Jerusalem to
report on the plight of women giving
birth in Gaza
today born in a precarious world this
little boy is is one day old still to be
named his parents fled bombings in Gaza
City under the stress of War he's been
born prematurely and needs help to
breathe in the next bed a 4day old girl
who's
critical there's been no time to name
her either and they're running out of
medicines which could treat her
incubators are still on at the alak her
Hospital in central Gaza but the
fighting is drawing
closer this is Hassan named by Hospital
staff both his parents were killed in
bombings he was found cradled in his
mother's
arms it's a painful time in Gaza it's
excruciating for new
mothers 4 days ago Kea alassar baby girl
was born she was heavily pregnant when
she was forced to flee her
home I've had to run more than once
walking under the constant threat of
being bombed I saw people's bodies being
ripped apart I faced extreme exhaustion
and was scared for my baby's life at
hospital I got no painkillers while
giving
birth as has walked with her three
children for more than 15 miles she's
pregnant this is refuge in a hospital
compound my children sleep on the sheet
I sleep on the ground she
says so many women suffered miscarriages
due to the terrifying sound of the
explosions I was scared I'd lose my baby
sometimes I felt like I couldn't feel my
baby move she
says I had to carry my child and our
bags my children have been exposed to
such Horrors dead bodies cars bombed
with people
inside this is what she now faces along
with hundreds of
thousands people who had homes and jobs
boys and girls who had a
childhood struggling for a few drops of
water
yog BBC News Jerusalem